In the process of developing my history app I began by visualizing and conceptualizing the end product of the app. This phase involves identifying the objective of the project topic and what the app should intend to address for its targeted person or people. The objective of the project topic is very crucial in terms of understanding what in need in the app and what exactly the app needs to do in order for this objective to be met.
I then started visualizing the type of user interface for an app that is about historical figures in the world as well as icons. This demanded me to then further visualize the app’s functionality and the layout of the app, in order for it to be user friendly and for it to match the objective’s aesthetic. This attributes to the app’s success as it would make the app presentable and very easy to use.
Even though developing the code for the app was not an easy job when finally done right as well as the appropriate programming languages and tools, I needed to make sure that the code ran well and that all commands worked for a positive output.
There were many other components that took to make the app like backgrounds, text views, plain texts and buttons (on android studio). Ensuring that every constraint was set accordingly was also a crucial phase in developing the app to make sure that there were no errors in the design before going into the actual coding and programming of the app.
Collaboration was also a major aspect in developing my app as I also received a lot of assistance and advice from my peers on things I should or shouldn’t for the enhancement of the development of the app
